Move optional dependencies to extras (#454)
RaRe-Technologies/smart_open: README.rst

If you're upgrading from ``smart_open`` versions 1.8.0 and below, please check out the `Migration Guide <MIGRATING_FROM_OLDER_VERSIONS.rst>`_.

> Version ``x.x.x`` will introduce a backwards incompatible installation method with regards to the cloud dependencies. A migration path to minimize breaking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version ``2.0`` will introduce a backwards incompatible installation method with regards to the cloud dependencies. A migration path to minimize breaking
```
